So in this section, we have learned a lot.
We've talked about collections, we now understand what a collection is and most importantly, we understand
that there are immutable and immutable collections, right?
So we learn how to invoke methods on lists in this case or a collection to do things for us.
All of these comes with Coughlin, which is really helpful.
We learn about sets, which is another type of collection, so it sets and maps and lists.
We learn how to initialize the lists.
We also learn how to create empty collections.
And the last thing we did was learning how to use filters in the collection, which is really powerful,
because then you can cipher through a bunch of data to find certain item or items, for that matter.
So when it comes to collections in Scotland, especially, there's so much you can do.
There's an article I found online called Scotland Collection Functions Cheat Sheet.
So this is really helpful.
It's really popular, as you can see here.
So I would really recommend you actually go and look for this article.
In fact, I'll have a link and the resources for you to take a look.
If not, you can just go.
And Google Scotland collection functions cheat sheet.
The writer really takes the time to explain everything about collections in Scotland and many things
that he can do with collections.
So it's very thorough and I think it will be worth your time.
So go through it, and at the bottom of this article, you will have the actual cheat sheet.
So let's go down and you can have there.
It is a cheat sheet and you can magnify it so he can take a look.
So I really encourage you to take a look at this for, if anything, just so you know the possibilities
with collections and Coughlin.
OK, very good.
Have fun.
I enjoy collections because it is just so much fun, especially when you start creating more advanced
programs or applications.
It's it's really it really gets fun.
OK, very good.
I'll see you next time.